# cpsf_utilite

## Description

`cpsf_utilite` (`Create Project Structure File`) is a `Node.j` utility that allows you to generate a project structure and automatically update the `.gitignore` file. This can be useful for quickly analyzing and understanding the structure of existing projects or for creating an initial structure for new projects.

## Installation

You can install `cpsf_utilite` globally using npm:

```bash
npm install -g cpsf_utilite
```

## Usage

After installation, you can run the utility in your project directory:

```bash
generate-structure
```

This will create a `project-structure.txt` file with the project structure and update the `.gitignore` file by adding `project-structure.txt` to avoid tracking it in version control.

## Examples

Here is an example of a project structure that can be generated by the utility:

```bash
src/
index.js
utils/
helper.js
test/
test.spec.js
.gitignore
package.json
project-structure.txt
```

## FAQ

Q: Can I use `cpsf_utilite` for non-Node.js projects?
A: Yes, the utility is not dependent on the type of project and can be used to generate the structure of any project that has a file system.

Q: Can I exclude certain folders or files from the structure?
A: Yes, you can modify the utility's code to add logic for ignoring specific folders or files.

## Feedback

If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact me via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/TechMaverickLab/cpsf_utilite/issues).

## License

`cpsf_utilite` is distributed under the MIT license.
